l10nUtil: add downloadTranslationFile and uploadTranslationFile commands to allow downloading and uploading from Crowdin. (#17708)
nvaccess/nvda: projectDocs/translating/crowdin.md

## Translating NVDA's interface

* Download the po file for your language from  Crowdin using NVA's l10nUtil.exe:
```
l10nUtil.exe downloadTranslationFile <language> <crowdinFilePath> [<localFilePath>]
```
E.g.
```
l10nUtil.exe downloadTranslationFile fr nvda.po
```
The first time you will be asked for an authorization token.

> Please visit https://crowdin.com/settings#api-key
> And create a personal access token, Ensuring that it has at least the translations scope.  Then paste this into the user prompt.
> this will be saved in ~/.nvda_crowdin for future use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please visit [Crowdin's API page](https://crowdin.com/settings#api-key) and create a Personal Access Token.
Ensure that it has at least the translations scope.
Then paste this into the user prompt.
This will be saved in ~/.nvda_crowdin for future use.
```

To translate any of these files:

* Download the xliff file for your language from  Crowdin using NVA's l10nUtil.exe:
```
l10nUtil.exe downloadTranslationFile <language> <crowdinFilePath> [<localFilePath>]
```
E.g.
```
l10nUtil.exe downloadTranslationFile fr userGuide.xliff
```
The first time you will be asked for an authorization token.

> Please visit https://crowdin.com/settings#api-key
> And create a personal access token and paste this into the user prompt.
> this will be saved in ~/.nvda_crowdin for future use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please visit [Crowdin's API page](https://crowdin.com/settings#api-key) and create a Personal Access Token.
Ensure that it has at least the translations scope.
Then paste this into the user prompt.
This will be saved in ~/.nvda_crowdin for future use.
```
